Restructure and update the documentation (#206)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus: README.md

Reviewer: Shall we inherit the same structure we have in Kafka/RabbitMQ Readme files for this as well. I think since these are common message-broker related connectors it is better to have a similar structure.

Author: Changed with  [e40a621](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/e40a621f7cb5b0ea3476e2547bd1614bb7391cfb).

[![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/commits/main)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/module/azure-servicebus.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/labels/module/azure-servicebus)

## Overview

The [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Azure Service Bus allows you to connect to
an [Azure Service Bus](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/) via the Ballerina language.

The Azure Service Bus is a fully managed enterprise message broker with message queues and publish-subscribe topics. It
provides the capability to send and receive messages from Service Bus queues, topics, and subscriptions. The Azure
Service Bus handles messages that include data representing any kind of information, including structured data encoded

> with common formats such as the following ones: JSON, XML, and Plain Text.

Author: Changed with [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

This connector supports the following operations:
- Manage (Get/Create/Update/Delete/list) a queue, topic, subscription or rule.
- Send messages to a queue, topic, or subscription.
- Receive messages from a queue, topic, or subscription.

Service Bus provides a Microsoft-supported [native Java API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/servicebus?view=azure-java-stable) (
SDK) and this module makes use of

> this [public API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/com.microsoft.azure.servicebus?view=azure-java-archive)

Author: No. Removed with [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

> Service Bus provides a Microsoft-supported [native Java API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/servicebus?view=azure-java-stable) (
> SDK) and this module makes use of
> this [public API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/com.microsoft.azure.servicebus?view=azure-java-archive)
> . As the public API
> applies [SAS authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-sas), this module
> supports SAS authentication as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Azure Service Bus module utilizes Microsoft's [Java client library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/servicebus?view=azure-java-stable). The underlying Java client supports [SAS authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-sas), and therefore, the Ballerina client also supports the same authentication protocol.
```

Author: Changed to more simplified content with @NipunaRanasinghe suggestion. [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

This module
supports [Service Bus SDK 7.13.1 version](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/service-bus?view=azure-java-stable#libraries-for-data-access)

> . The source code on GitHub is

Reviewer 2: ditto

Author: Changed with [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

located [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-bus-java). The

> primary wire protocol for Service Bus is Advanced Messaging Queueing Protocol (AMQP) 1.0, an open ISO/IEC standard.

Reviewer: I think the supported SDK version should be included in a table for better readability.

Author: Changed to more simplified content with @NipunaRanasinghe's suggestions [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

## Setup guide

Before using this connector in your Ballerina application, complete the following:

### Create a namespace in the Azure portal

> To begin using Service Bus messaging entities in Azure, you must first create a namespace with a name that is unique across Azure. A namespace provides a scoping container for Service Bus resources within your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin using Service Bus messaging in Azure, you must first create a namespace with a name that is unique across Azure. A namespace provides a scoping container for Service Bus resources within your application.
```

Author: Changed with [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

To send and receive messages from a Service Bus queue or topic, clients must use a token that is signed by a shared access key, which is part of a shared access policy. A shared access policy defines a set of permissions that can be assigned to one or more Service Bus entities (queues, topics, event hubs, or relays). A shared access policy can be assigned to more than one entity, and a single entity can have more than one shared access policy assigned to it.

To obtain a token following steps should be followed:

1. In the left navigation pane of the portal, select *All services*, select *Integration* from the list of categories, hover the mouse over *Service Bus*, and then select your namespace.

2. In the left navigation pane of the namespace page, select *Shared access policies*.

3. Click on the *RootManageSharedAccessKey* policy.

4. Copy the *Primary Connection String* value and save it in a secure location. This is the connection string that you use to authenticate with the Service Bus service.

![Connection String](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/main/ballerina/resources/connection-string.png)

> ## ASB Admin Client

Reviewer: It seems like the structure we follow in the code samples are bit different from the other connectors. Shall we update this according to the standard structure we are following for other connectors?

Author: Yes. This is not the convention we followed with any other connectors. 

After previous reviews (https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206#discussion_r1402906520), I came up with this hybrid version since this is a Messaging Bus. 

But now, since the new IBM MQ also follows the same conventions as other connectors, 
we can migrate this also: +1 for that.

Changed with [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

        entityType: QUEUE,
        topicOrQueueName: "myQueue"
    };

    public function main() returns error? {
        asb:MessageSender queueSender = check new (senderConfig);

        string stringContent = "This is My Message Body"; 
        byte[] byteContent = stringContent.toBytes();
        int timeToLive = 60; // In seconds
        asb:ApplicationProperties applicationProperties = {
            properties: {a: "propertyValue1", b: "propertyValue2"}
        };

        asb:Message message = {
            body: byteContent,
            contentType: asb:TEXT,
            timeToLive: timeToLive,
            applicationProperties: applicationProperties
        };

        check queueSender->send(message);

        check queueSender->close();
    }
```

## ASB Message Receiver Client

Azure Service Bus Message Receiver Client is used to receive messages from a queue, topic, or subscription.

The code snippet given below initializes a message receiver client with the basic configuration and receives a message from the Azure Service Bus.

```ballerina
    import ballerina/log;
    import ballerinax/asb;

    configurable string connectionString = ?;

>     // Receiver Configurations

Reviewer: No need to add comments to the code samples.

Author: Changed with [ff89865](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure-service-bus/pull/206/commits/ff89865bcc09cd1e41a02929615f7d6cff1ffdca).

   ```
   ./gradlew clean build
   ```

2. To run the tests:
   ```
   ./gradlew clean test
   ```

3. To build the without the tests:
   ```
   ./gradlew clean build -x test
   ```

5. To debug the package with a remote debugger:
   ```
   ./gradlew clean build -Pdebug=<port>
   ```

6. To debug with the Ballerina language:
   ```
   ./gradlew clean build -PbalJavaDebug=<port>
   ```

7. Publish the generated artifacts to the local Ballerina Central repository:
    ```
    ./gradlew clean build -PpublishToLocalCentral=true
    ```

8. Publish the generated artifacts to the Ballerina Central repository:
   ```
   ./gradlew clean build -PpublishToCentral=true
   ```

## Contribute to Ballerina

As an open-source project, Ballerina welcomes contributions from the community.

For more information, go to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of conduct

All the contributors are encouraged to read the [Ballerina Code of Conduct](https://ballerina.io/code-of-conduct).

## Useful links

* For more information go to the [ASB package](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/asb/latest).

> * For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/).

Reviewer: Not sure this is valid for ASB connector. @NipunaRanasinghe any thoughts ?

Author: Shall we remove it then @NipunaRanasinghe ?  Since we don't have any BBs for ASB.
